## Need to implement a proper ReadMe but for now:

# 1. Upload the UF2 to your Xiao Sense Board
# 2. You will need to calibrate your onboard IMU's gyroscope bias, otherwise it will drift significantly. You can change the offset values in decodeNumericImuPacket() which can be found in src/utils/imuDecoder.ts . To determine what the values should be, you can uncomment the latest sample printer at the bottom of the components/TreatmentScreen.tsx which prints the transmitted gyroscope data in a card under the main treatment screen.
# 3. Navigate to the project folder then perform `npm run' (assumes you have npm already installed)
# 4. The flow is relatively straightforward. You may need to open the app in full screen mode as I haven't made it 100% compatible with various screen sizes. After setup, you want to align the head mesh so that it's looking straight ahead when you've placed the IMU in the correct place. This allows us to determine a fixed yaw starting point. On the next screen, you can play around with the transition time between positions using the slider or by pressing `Short Hold' which sets the time to 5 seconds.
# 5. Key fixes we want to implement from a user interface perspective is adding proper sounds (or even a haptic buzz on the headset) for when the canals have entered and left alignment, and a more user-friendly explanation of the hold count (e.g. an animation of a falling crystal which reaches the bottom at the end of the position, some sort of gradient fill inside the green canal segment which indicates hold count etc.). Potentially also moving the Stepper to a less conspicuous position as we anticipate the user will be more interested in the alignment score and hold count. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated.
